chore(upgrade): update upgrade README with 1.11.0 steps (#3058)
openebs/openebs: k8s/upgrades/README.md

This document describes the steps for the following OpenEBS Upgrade paths:

> - Upgrade from 1.0.0 to any of 1.1.0, 1.2.0, 1.3.0, 1.4.0, 1.5.0, 1.6.0, 1.7.0, 1.8.0, 1.9.0, 1.10.0, 1.11.0

Reviewer: I'm not sure if mentioning eleven upgrade path matrix is useful or confusing. Instead, can't we say all in single line? ;
```suggestion
- Upgrade from 1.0.0 or later to a newer release up to 1.11.0
```

- **For upgrading to 1.8.0, the previous version should be 1.0.0 or 1.1.0 or 1.2.0 or 1.3.0 or 1.4.0 or 1.5.0 or 1.6.0 or 1.7.0**
- **For upgrading to 1.9.0, the previous version should be 1.0.0 or 1.1.0 or 1.2.0 or 1.3.0 or 1.4.0 or 1.5.0 or 1.6.0 or 1.7.0 or 1.8.0**
- **For upgrading to 1.10.0, the previous version should be 1.0.0 or 1.1.0 or 1.2.0 or 1.3.0 or 1.4.0 or 1.5.0 or 1.6.0 or 1.7.0 or 1.8.0 or 1.9.0**

> - **For upgrading to 1.11.0, the previous version should be 1.0.0 or 1.1.0 or 1.2.0 or 1.3.0 or 1.4.0 or 1.5.0 or 1.6.0 or 1.7.0 or 1.8.0 or 1.9.0 or 1.10.0**

Reviewer: Same comment here, can't we merge all eleven lines into one liner
```suggestion
- **For upgrading to the latest release (1.11.0), the previous version should be 1.x.0 (1.0.0 or newer)**
```
